Security advisories post 30.0 release (#1193)
bitcoin-core/bitcoincore.org: _posts/en/posts/2025-10-24-disclose-cve-2025-54605.md

---
title: CVE-2025-54605 - Disk filling from invalid blocks
name: blog-disclose-cve-2025-54605
id: blog-disclose-cve-2025-54605
lang: en
type: advisory
layout: post
redirect_from:
  - /en/2025/10/24/disclose-cve-2025-54605

## If this is a new post, reset this counter to 1.
version: 1

## Only true if release announcement or security annoucement. English posts only
announcement: 1

excerpt: >
  An attacker could fill up a victim node's disk space by spamming invalid blocks. A fix was released on October 10th 2025 in Bitcoin Core v30.0.
---

Disclosure of the details of a log-filling bug which allowed an attacker to fill up the disk space
of a victim node by sending invalid blocks.  Exploitability of this bug is limited, as it would take
a long time before it would cause the victim to run out of disk space.  A fix was released on
October 10th 2025 in Bitcoin Core v30.0.

This issue is considered **Low** severity.

## Details

> A node would unconditionally log when receiving a block failing basic sanity checks, or receiving a

Reviewer: nit: clear phrasing
```suggestion
A node would unconditionally log when receiving a block that fails basic sanity checks, or when receiving a
```
